cloud: update for the cluster creation UI (#9773)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/set-up-vpc-peering-connections.md

### Step 3: Connect to the TiDB cluster on TiDB Cloud

1. Navigate to the **Active Clusters** page.

> 2. Find the area of your newly created cluster, and click **Connect** in the upper-right corner of the area. The connection dialog is displayed. You can see the **Status** of the VPC peering is **active**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Find the area of your target cluster, and click **Connect** in the upper-right corner of the area. The connection dialog is displayed. You can see the **Status** of the VPC peering is **active**.
```

    > **Tip:**
    >

>     > Alternatively, you can also click the name of your newly created cluster on the **Active Clusters** page and click **Connect** in the upper-right corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > Alternatively, you can also click the name of your target cluster on the **Active Clusters** page and click **Connect** in the upper-right corner.
```
